Small Note and Clarification (#4250)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/configuration/lock-down-windows-10-to-specific-apps.md

##### FileExplorerNamespaceRestrictions

> Starting in Windows 10, version 1809, you can explicitly allow some known folders to be accessed when the user tries to open the file dialog box in multi-app assigned access by including **FileExplorerNamespaceRestrictions** in your XML file. Currently, **Downloads** is the only folder supported.  This can also set using Microsoft Intune.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in Windows 10, version 1809, you can explicitly allow some known folders to be accessed when the user tries to open the file dialog box in multi-app assigned access by including **FileExplorerNamespaceRestrictions** in your XML file. Currently, **Downloads** is the only folder supported.  This can also be set using Microsoft Intune.
```

The following example shows how to allow user access to the Downloads folder in the common file dialog box.

> >[!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>[!TIP]
```

> >You can grant access to the Downloads folder through the File Explorer by adding "Explorer.exe" to the list of allowed apps and pinning a file explorer shortcut to the kiosk start menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To grant access to the Downloads folder through File Explorer, add "Explorer.exe" to the list of allowed apps, and pin a file explorer shortcut to the kiosk start menu.
```
